Well, open it and take a look. No fuss.
Yes. This is Liu Naonao's wallet.
I gave it back to him after a while. Driving at this point,
So rich. Maybe a capitalist,
I'm afraid that if he dresses too cheaply, he will lose face.
Um. I'll sit down first, and I'll put the fried dishes in the refrigerator.
oops. Thank you for inviting my friend to dinner today.
Right. Isn’t this what it should be? Apo
you you are
You spent a lot of money on treating my friend to dinner today.
And said yes
I'll raise you first
Don't be unhappy
Let's talk about husband and wife
This is originally the joint property of husband and wife.
What, what are you blaming yourself for?
Apo, look at me
Go and ask